Ambari improvements (#3742)
DataDog/integrations-core: ambari/README.md

## Data Collected

> This integration collects metrics for every host in every cluster the following system metrics:

Reviewer: Why describing the type of metrics collected here and then again in the `###Metrics` section ? I would advocate to remove this part and only keep the one in the Metrics section.

If service metrics collection is enabled with `collect_service_metrics` this integration collects for each whitelisted 

> service component the metrics with headers in the white list.

Reviewer: There is a weird line break here

### Metrics

> This integration will collect for every host in every cluster the following system metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration collects for every host in every cluster the following system metrics:
```
